hi I'm Jackson seepage product manager
at Facebook we know we haven't been a
big part of your life lately we know
that our easily monetized teen audience
of favoring newer more fashionable
social networks that's why we just spent
two billion dollars buying oculus rift
no really we we spent that now I'm proud
to announce Facebook for rift inside our
stunning virtual shopping mall filled
with the people you care about the most
you'll be able to interact with runs
experience full 3d advertising play
farmville like you are actually working
in a farm and talk to people I guess a
long-term plan is to develop and buy
develop I mean purchase mind uploading
technology we plan to let our users
literally live inside Facebook and don't
worry about opting in you've already
agreed to be uploaded in our new Terms
of Service you'll never have to leave us
we will be relevant again ha please let
us be relevant again